Let's go tomorrow,
You must be able to open a store in teeth,
Otherwise, I will go find this Zhuang Li now,
Ask him what he is joking about, and ask him,
Let him be so helpless to his parents.
Mom, don't go to Ali.
It's okay if you want me to go back and look for you. I'll ask you to accompany Ya tomorrow to ask you.
I know.
The person who proposed the proposal was that I was too disgusted with it.
But I was so pretty at that time, wasn’t it all yours?
I, Tang Daoli, knew enough to do it.
sorry.
That's what I made you endure
you bear it
I am not before you
I don’t want to know you first
Don't think about it first
but you show up
It’s not enough to write
The more we meet Yajun, the more we win.
I don't believe in fighting money
I have more important things
Allen, I can do it
you believe me
what are you going to do
Everyone can help you, right?
I want you to help me deal with him